has projects that deserve to be remembered as a watershed
the beast of 12 cylinders that you will see now is one of them
the super car on the way out of a challenge
bmw decided to do the same in the early 1990s to
to be among the best
veloso
the 850 was so ahead of its time when it was released and even today
can be considered the modern car
at the time the aerodynamic lines of this sport
were compared the ways of sandwich kkk
I was with it presents a aerodynamic that favors very high
speed and also during the high speed curve
will make the car more and more nailed to the ground attached to the ground
to facilitate the passage of air over the hood the headlights of cars sold
a touch of the most important charm in the model that came to compete a
The adversary's respect for the knowledge of this car is a blacksmith's
porsche 911
is not true
there
but in the world of automobile elegance is not enough, it takes a certain
previous experience
Oak discarded that.
nothing less
than twelve cylinders with almost 400 horsepower
after 12 years it was made to work
a phase that may be lower
You can not walk the streets.
and has a table durability understood the attitude of golden sunflower 450 thousand by
government
time to show service in the city
disappointment
harmony of the car's footprint on the curve
I do
implodes the kennel and he responds
Let's do even worse.
left
look that
at 120 per hour
we reduced to
Let's start with grace.
Very cool Brazilian catwalk the car is easy to carry even with the
traction control off
so we call the putes 150 suffer the very rare radio effects
Will the daniel come say he does not think
We're lucky today, chow.
a son